
* * * Call for Applicants * * *
NINES Workshop in Digital Scholarship

This is a week-long workshop for scholars undertaking digital projects in nineteenth-century British and American literary and cultural studies. The workshop will be held at the University of Virginia, 18-22 July 2005, and will provide a practical setting where scholars can work at the development of their individual projects with other scholars who have shared interests, goals, and problems to be addressed. The theoretical, technical, administrative, and institutional issues connected to the development of digital scholarly work will focus the workshop’s activities, which will be organized around and driven by the needs of the specific projects themselves.
 
The workshops will be run by faculty and staff at U. of Virginia involved with the NINES (Networked Infrastructure for Nineteenth-century Electronic Scholarship) and ARP (Applied Research in Patacriticism) projects. 

Additional information is available at:
http://www.nines.org.  

Everyone accepted into the workshop will have their lodging, breakfasts, and lunches provided during the period of the workshop. There will be a  workshop fee of $350.

* HOW TO APPLY *
Applications should not exceed two single spaced pages.  They should be headed with a project title and a one-sentence description of the project.   They should include as well a developed project description that addresses each of the following matters:

the scholarly rationale for the project;
the technical and theoretical problems that face the project and that can be addressed in the NINES workshop;
the expected duration of the project,  its phases, and some description of the current state of work;
the digital technology used or needed by the project;
and the technical support available to the scholar at his/her home institution.

Send applications by January 15th to:
workshops@nines.org

* FUNDING SUPPORT *
Applicants are expected to secure financial support from their home institutions.  For scholars in need, some financial support (for travel and workshop fees) is available.  For applicants requesting financial aid, a separate document (not to exceed one page single-spaced) should accompany the workshop application explaining why aid is needed. 
